Further enhancements to CONTRIBUTING.md refelcting changes in ocm-api… (#1072)
openshift-online/ocm-sdk-go: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the OCM SDK

> ### Validating model updates

Reviewer: I see this title is removed, and moved into the other segment. I think it's deserve a segment on it's own. WDYT?

# Contributing to the OCM SDK

## Releasing a new OCM API Model version

> First, all changes to the [ocm-api-model](https://github.com/openshift-online/ocm-api-model) have been defined and reviewed. Than, the client types for the model need to be generated via `make update` target in the `ocm-api-model` project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, all changes to the [ocm-api-model](https://github.com/openshift-online/ocm-api-model) have been defined and reviewed. Then, the client types for the model need to be generated via `make update` target in the `ocm-api-model` project.
```

Author: Done, ty!

Once the client types and api description are merged in [ocm-api-model](https://github.com/openshift-online/ocm-api-model), the version of the ocm-api-model
must be incremented for consumption in ocm-sdk-go generation. The version is defined by the latest git tag.

> Once all changes to the OCM API Model have been committed to the main branch and a new tag and ralease is pushed you will need to update these changes in the SDK. (See "Updating the OCM SDK" section)

Reviewer: nitpick: Tag is pushed, release is created automatically

Author: Done, ty.

> Once all changes to the OCM API Model have been committed to the main branch and a new tag is pused a new release will be created automatically.Than, you will need to update these changes in the SDK. (See "Updating the OCM SDK" section)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All changes to the OCM API Model have been committed to the main branch and a new tag is pushed a new release will be created automatically. Then, update these changes in the SDK. (See "Updating the OCM SDK" section)
```
